stageC_fitlib: library of mostly C routines with MEX interfaces
to MATLAB, useful for rapid fitting of known spike waveforms to data
(clips or whole time-series). Includes the forward model, and
implicitly the noise model.

Part of validspike.  A H Barnett, J F Magland,     Dec 2014 - June 2015

Use "make" to compile MEX interfaces.

Optional: use "make mwrap" to generate new MEX interface code; this assumes
that MWrap is installed and available in the path.

The main entry point is :

  fit_timeseries - fit spike times & labels given time-series data Y and
  		   waveforms (classifier) W.
		   This does a self-test on synthesized data when called
		   without arguments.

Other MATLAB calling points are defined in the MWrap files *.mw as follows.
Routines with an asterisk (*) are the usual entry-points; others are for
testing purposes (these are labeled with 'devel' in their 1-line MATLAB help).

spikefit.mw (libraries spikefit.c) :

* spikemod - forward model to fill (or subtract from) one arbitrarily-long clip
   	     or time-series Y, without noise.
  fitonesp - fits a 1-spike model to one clip
* multifitgreedy - multi-spike greedy fitting of set of arbitrary-length clips,
  		   (multi-threaded)

gluttonfit.mw (libraries gluttonfit.c) :

  fillscore - computes S matrix
  locvalidmins - finds valid minima in the S matrix
  minisgammaloc - checks if local valid minimum is global min over interval
  gluttonstuffme - thresholdless greedy (so-called "glutton") fitting of Y
* multiglutton - thresholdless greedy (multi-threaded)  

For above MATLAB functions without adequate documentation, see the corresponding
C function, which is well documented.

There are also some older pure-MATLAB fitting routines that are
slower, but would allow much more general noise models (non-Gaussian,
correlated, etc) :

  negloglik - evaluate negative log likelihood of data clip given t,l params
  fitonespike - fits a 1-spike model to one clip (same interface as fitonesp)
  fitgreedyspikes - greedy algorithm for one clip, using negloglik


